The cause of Mr. Ye's accident has been found
Someone deliberately broke the brakes
Who is going to harm Xue Qing?
Mr. Ye, this is the accident investigation report
Only domestic workers can break the brakes
All the temptations at home are protected
Not one less
Mom, this must be Lin Nian Nian
Lin Niannian brought him here too
Mr. Ye Lin Nian was taught a lesson by the eldest lady with braids
He is still receiving treatment in the hospital.
Don't understand what I'm saying?
Bring him here
Don't be afraid
If Li Niannian really did it
I will never let him go.
Mom
I beg you not to make a deal with the publicity
After all, he is the father of the child in my womb
live
However, I was sent abroad to take care of foreign affairs
I plan to be in three years
Let him come back when the wind is calmer
Where did you get the news that he was sold?
I got that message.
So I hurriedly drove to rescue him
Could it be that that message wasn't sent to me by faith?
Someone deliberately lured me into the bait
Don't be afraid don't be afraid
Mom must investigate
Make those who hurt you pay the price
I miss why you are here
Hello Doctor Zheng
I got a little skin injury
What's the big deal? You can do it first.
I'll go first
This child should already recognize Mr. Ye, right?
So polite as Miss Loza
Isn't it easy?
Hey what are you doing
Do what you do by yourself